Go math ceil (#2590)
Codecademy/docs: content/go/concepts/math-functions/terms/ceil/ceil.md

---
Title: 'Ceil()'

> Description: 'Returns the rounded up value of a given decimal number.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Returns a given decimal number rounded up to the next highest integer.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Code Foundations'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Arithmetic'
  - 'Functions'
  - 'Numbers'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-go'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The **Ceil()** function returns the rounded up value of a given decimal number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Ceil()** function returns a given decimal number rounded up to the next highest integer.
```

> The **Ceil()** function returns a given decimal number rounded up to the next highest integer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **`Ceil()`** function returns a given decimal number rounded up to the next highest integer.
```

## Syntax

```pseudo
import "math"

roundedNumber := math.Ceil(floatingNumber)
```

> The `Cei()` function receives a value of type `float64` and returns a single value of the same type. This returned value is the argument rounded to the nearest integer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Cei()` function receives a value of type `float64` and returns a single value of the same type. This returned value is the next highest integer equal to or greater than the argument.
```

> The `Cei()` function receives a value of type `float64` and returns a single value of the same type. This returned value is the next highest integer equal to or greater than the argument.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `Ceil()` function receives a value of type `float64` and returns a single value of the same type. This returned value is the next highest integer equal to or greater than the argument.
```

> - When passing `Ceil(±Inf)` the returned value will be the same as the argument.
> - When passing `Ceil(Nan)` the returned value will be also `Nan`.
> - When passing `Ceil(±0)` the returned value will be exactly the same as the argument.

Reviewer 3: [Typo]
```suggestion
- When passing `Ceil(±Inf)`, the returned value will be the same as the argument.
- When passing `Ceil(Nan)`, the returned value will be also `Nan`.
- When passing `Ceil(±0)`, the returned value will be exactly the same as the argument.
```

## Example

To use the `Ceil()` function, the `math` package needs to be imported.

> Below is a simple example where the result will be the score, rounded up to the nearest integer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is a simple example where the result will be the score, rounded up to the next highest integer.
```

> To use the `Ceil()` function, the `math` package needs to be imported.
> Below is a simple example where the result will be the score, rounded up to the next highest integer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

```go
package main

import (

>     "math"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    "math"  // Required
```

    "fmt"
    )

func main(){
    score := 18.54
    result := math.Ceil(score)
    fmt.Print(score, " rounded up is ", result, ".")
    }
```

> 

Reviewer 2: There should be a line such as "The output is as follows:" and a shell block with the output

## Codebyte Example

The example below is runnable and shows how `Ceil()` handles negative numbers.

> ```golang

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```codebyte/golang
````
